COMPANY PROFILE
JANUARY 2024
Providing Unparalleled
Services Across Industries
For Over Two Decades.




                             .com
                               Message from the
                               Chairman and CEO
                               At USP Holdings, a family-owned and operated conglomerate of companies, doing the right thing always

                               comes first. We ensure that everything we do is safe and honest, and we take great care of our people, our

                               customers, our clients, the communities we operate in, and the environment through sustainable practices.



                               This commitment to quality with integrity enables us to be trusted partners in every industry we operate in.

                               Furthermore, it is this commitment that distinguishes us in the industries we operate in and driving our con-

                               tinued success and expansion. Commitment to quality with integrity is a reputation we have built over more

                               than two decades through relentless hard work.



                               At USP Holdings, we have a Code of Conduct that guides our employees, on all levels of service delivery, op-

                               eration, and joint venture projects to continue to build on our reputation and protect it at all costs. Our Code

                               of Conduct is second nature to us and upholding our commitment to quality with integrity is seamless.

                               Each of our team members understands what is expected of them no matter the sector of business dealings.

           Dr. Henok Tesfaye   We ensure that they are empowered to speak freely if they have any questions or concerns by reaching out

           Chairman and CEO    to the appropriate sector HR department.




Page | 4
Commitment to
Quality with Integrity
At USP Holdings, we will continue to invest in our people in smarter ways to ensure our

commitment to quality with integrity is delivered with energy while we continue to take

care of what matters most: people, communities, and protecting the environment.

Each of our team members understands what is expected of them no matter the sector

of business dealings. We ensure that they are empowered to speak freely if they have any

questions or concerns by reaching out to the appropriate sector HR department.                To provide indispensable
At USP Holdings, we will continue to invest in our people in smarter ways to ensure our      services and products that
commitment to quality with integrity is delivered with energy while we continue to take

care of what matters most: people, communities, and protecting the environment.             are essential for a healthier,
                                                                                                  safer, and happier life
                                                                               Sincerely,
                                                                                            experience while protecting

                                                                       Dr. Henok Tesfaye
                                                                                                       the environment.
                                                                      Chairman and CEO



                                                                                                                             Page | 5
Photo Credit: Ted Eytan




                          Our Company
                          USP Holdings, a family-owned and operated conglomerate of companies, for over two         Our team of more than 1,000 talented experts and dedicated service providers across
                          decades, has been providing invaluable services across multiple industries and business   various sectors pay keen attention to excellent product and service delivery that is
                          sectors making us one of the most sought-after service providers across the United        personalized across the various sectors we operate in.
                          States and Internationally in one of the Sub-Saharan emerging markets, Ethiopia.

                                                                                                                    We are known for delivering first-class services with unmatched detail and operational
                          What started as a parking operation company has expanded to various lines of business     excellence. We ensure that clients receive superior service in each industry in which
                          operations in Real Estate, Construction, Property Management and providing eceptional     we operate and that expectations are exceeded. No matter the situation, USP Holdings
                          services in Parking Management, Transportation, Mobility Consulting, Janitorial, and      makes service and product delivery seamless, efficient, and delivered with a commitment
                          Security.                                                                                 to quality with integrity.


                          A minority-owned company, USP Holdings’ groups of companies are CBE, DBE, ACDBE
                          and SBE Certified. As such, we are the most sought-after for joint venture projects and

                          partnerships. Our credentials are proven, and our track record is unparalleled.




Page | 6
                                                                                                                                                                                         Photo Credit: Darrow Montgomery
Our History

I n 1998, USP Holdings embarked on its first-ever business venture by acquiring a           to quality with integrity. Today, our portfolio includes a multimillion-dollar Real Estate

30-space self-parking facility on one of Washington, DC’s busiest corridors, the U Street   development firm, a construction and property management company with various

Corridor. As such, U Street Parking, paying homage to its location was born in 1998         services across parking, transportation, janitorial, and security.

embarking on the commitment to provide efficient parking service for the U Street

corridor which lacked an operational parking facility with onsite staff. More than two      While our beginning was humble and centered around solving a problem, we identified

decades later, USP Holdings is standing on the foundation built on USP Parking and has      to meet the demand of parking consumers, we have grown exponentially not just within

expanded into other business sectors.                                                       the parking industry but the entire transportation and hospitality industry.



Our growth is pure dedication to incremental growth rather than a rapid trajectory. This

approach to growth has provided us clear foresight to expand into other industries with
organic expansions and scalability without compromising our mission of commitment




                                                                                                                                                                                    Page | 7
Photo Credit: Nicolas Raymond




                                Mission:
                                Be the leading company delivering services and products with           “a District of Columbia
                                a commitment to quality with integrity across all industries.
                                                                                                entrepreneurial success story,
                                Vision:                                                         a savvy and focused business
                                To create and build a legacy of empowered people, align our
                                company with clients who are committed to tangible impact,
                                                                                                with good standing within the
                                and leave communities that we operate in environmentally
                                                                                                                 community.”
                                resilient and sustainable.
                                                                                                                    The Washington Post




      Page | 8
USP Holdings Industries
and Line of Services

Industries
     •   United Investments –Real Estate
     •   DC General Construction Company –Construction
     •   Potomac Management Group –Property
         Management

USP Line of Services
     •   USP Parking
     •   USP Transportation
     •   USP Janitorial
     •   USP Security




                                                     Page | 9
                                                                                                                                                                    Photo Credit: John Loo
            Executive Team


                                Dr. Henok Tesfaye is the Chairman and CEO of USP Holdings       dollar contractual award to manage the parking facilities at

                                a privately held multi-industry company headquartered in        Washington Dulles International Airport and Roland Reagan

                                Washington, DC. Dr. Henok embarked on a career in the           Washington National Airport for over a decade.

                                parking management industry over two decades ago as the         Additionally, Dr. Henok’s tenacity to expand USP’s services has

                                President and Chief Executive Officer of U Street Parking,      led him to take the company nationally. To date, USP has been

                                Inc., (USP). Once a parking attendant, he is now the owner of   awarded contracts to manage five of the busiest East Coast

                                several parking facilities across the East coast.               Airports including New York’s JFK, Orlando International Airport,

                                                                                                Newark International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport. USP also

                                Within the last two decades, USP has become a premier           manages one of Africa’s busiest airports, Bole International

                                company in the highly competitive parking market in the         Airport located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.

                                DMV region. Under Dr. Henok’s leadership, USP went from

                                a four-employee operation to more than one thousand             Dr. Henok is also one of the co-founders and partners of United

                                employees with more than one hundred contracts across           Investments, a multi million-dollar real estate investment and

                                the DMV region. Furthermore, Dr. Henok’s savvy strategic        development firm based in Washington, DC. As the co-founder

                                partnership approach has enabled him to partner with Five       and partner of United Investments, Dr. Henok is entrusted with
            Dr. Henok Tesfaye   Star Parking, a California company, to win a multi-million-     cultivating government relations and fostering longstanding
            Chairman and CEO

Page | 10
Photo Credit: Nicolas Raymond




                                                                                                                                                                                            Executive Team


                                relationships in the real estate industry. Dr. Henok has formed partnerships leading          He is also a member of civic and professional associations including the National Parking

                                United Investments to become one of the developers, investors, partners, and owners of        Association and International Parking & Mobility Institute.

                                the minority development team which has been awarded the rights to develop a $564

                                million, 1.2 million square feet of mixed-use project within the Hill East neighborhood of    Dr. Henok believes that he has an obligation to give back. He is a well-respected

                                Washington DC.                                                                                philanthropist and gives his time and financial support to charitable efforts. Dr. Henok was

                                                                                                                              appointed by Abiy Ahmed, Prime Minister of Ethiopia, as one of the founding Members of

                                A true entrepreneur, Dr. Henok leads USP Holdings groups of companies including USP           the Ethiopian Diaspora Trust Fund (EDTF), a non-profit organization based in the United

                                Parking, United Investments, DC General Construction, and Potomac Management Group            States. It was established to mobilize the global Ethiopian Diaspora to raise funds for

                                as well as all USP Holdings’ line of services—Parking, Transportation, Mobility Consulting,   life-saving socioeconomic projects in Ethiopia. In 2010, Dr. Henok was introduced to Mary

                                Security, and Janitorial services—with an impeccable foresight. Noted as a “District          Joy Orphanage in Ethiopia. Since then, he provides financial support to help raise many

                                of Columbia entrepreneurial success story” and a “savvy and focused businessman               children. Inspired by the work being done in Ethiopia, in 2015, he established Mary Joy USA,

                                with good standing within the community” by the Washington Post, Dr. Henok’s                  an organization aimed at raising funds for at-risk children and mothers in Ethiopia.

                                achievements are a testament to his business leadership. Currently, Dr. Henok serves as a

                                Board Member of Capital Bank and is Chair of DC Chambers of Commerce International            Dr. Henok Tesfaye holds an honorary doctorate degree from Washington Adventist
                                committee. He is a member of the Economic Clubs of Washington DC, and a former                University.

                                Board Member of the Washington Architectural Foundation and Shaw Main Streets.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Page | 11
                                                                                                                                                                                 Photo Credit: Tom Thai
            Executive Team


                                      Yared Tesfaye is the Vice President and CFO of USP Holdings. In            With a penchant for growth, in 2005, Yared co-founded United

                                      1998, he co-founded U Street Parking, Inc., (USP), one of the leading      Investments, a multimillion-dollar real estate investment and

                                      parking management companies in the DMV region and remains                 development firm based in Washington, DC. With a keen

                                      the company’s Vice President and CFO. In his current role as VP and        passion for real estate investment and development, Yared

                                      CFO, Yared oversees USP Holdings groups of companies’ financial            entered the real estate industry with his first investment

                                      and administrative support functions. In addition, he is responsible       purchase in 2001. Furthermore, under Yared’s leadership,

                                      for the conglomerates’ treasury functions and banking relations and        United Investments has expanded into the Sub-Saharan market

                                      directs all the companies’ insurance and taxation. Detail-oriented,        building a 100-plus unit apartment in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.

                                      Yared oversees the auditing department and ensures monthly

                                      financial reports are on par.                                              Currently, Yared is a Board Member of Shaw Main Streets. He

                                                                                                                 is an avid financial supporter of Mary Joy Orphanage in Addis

                                      A visionary leader, Yared played a critical role in the organic business   Ababa, Ethiopia.

                                      development and trajectory of USP taking it from a four-member

                                      operation to employing well over one thousand people across                Yared Tesfaye graduated from Virginia Commonwealth

             Yared Tesfaye            multiple regions in the United States.                                     University. He is married with two children.
             Vice President and CFO


Page | 12
Photo Credit: Nicolas Raymond




                                                                                                                                                   Executive Team


                                                   Ben Tesfaye is the Managing Partner for all USP Holdings’ groups of    General Construction, a multimillion-dollar real estate
                                                   companies. With over two decades of innovative entrepreneurship        development and construction companies respectively.
                                                   and extensive industry know-how in a leadership position, Ben brings

                                                   a strong work ethic and a progressive mindset in overseeing the day-   Furthermore, the organic growth and expansion of
                                                   to- day operations and organizational functions such as talent         both United Investments and DCGCC led to form
                                                   retainment and training, government contract research and bidding      a strategic partnership with his college friend to
                                                   management, local government compliance certifications, and direct     co-found Potomac Management Group turning the
                                                   USP Holdings’ client relations management. As Managing Partner and     family-operated companies in real estate, property
                                                   a Partner at USP Holdings, Ben leads numerous diverse and complex      management, and construction into a one-stop shop
                                                   teams to meet the operational demands of all USP Holdings              to provide vertical services.
                                                   companies.

                                                                                                                          Ben holds a Bachelor’s of Science degree from VCU.
                                                   Under Ben’s leadership as Managing Partner, USP Parking’s line of      In his spare time, he loves to travel and experience
                                                   services expanded to include but is not limited to parking,            new adventures. Ben is married to his high school
                                Ben Tesfaye        transportation, janitorial, curve side management, and security.       sweetheart with four beautiful kids.
                                Managing Partner
                                                   Ben was instrumental in co-founding United Investments and DC




                                                                                                                                                                               Page | 13
       Executive Team




     John Madden            Mario Di Franco              Selam Aklilu                Parvez Ahmed
 Chief Operating Officer   Finance Manager             HR Manager USP           VP Business Development
     USP Holdings            USP Holdings               USP Holdings                 USP Holdings




    Henok Tsehaye            Esayas Girma                Yonas Mekonen             Meti Tamrat
   Regional Manager        Project Manager              Property Director        Project Executive
     USP Parking             USP Parking           Potomac Management Group           DCGCC




     Sandra Davis              Chris Herman               DJ Teshome             Adaeze Mgbeahuru
  Janitorial Manager        Director of Security   Director of Transportation   Compliance Manager
    USP Janitorial             USP Security           USP Transportation           USP Holdings

Page | 14
Page | 15
            A Real Estate Investment and Development Firm

            Family-owned and operated since 2005, United Investments is a multimillion-dollar

            real estate investment and development firm with extensive market knowledge and

            experience. Known for our commitment to excellence, our partners, investors, and

            tenants know we deliver quality products to the market. What started as an investment

            in family-owned properties is now a multimillion-dollar investment and real estate

            development firm that manages well over $100 million in projects across multiple

            regions.

            With over almost two decades of experience, we have delivered to the market Class-A

            buildings, high-end condominiums, luxurious single and multi-family homes, ultra-

            contemporary townhomes, and modern apartment buildings. Our commitment to

            quality, understanding of trends in real estate, ability to forecast new trends and

            be ahead of the curve as well as deliver projects within budget and on time makes


Page | 16
United Investments a trustworthy joint venture partner. Furthermore, our innovative

approach to resourcefully outfitting all our projects with environmentally protective and

sustainable external and internal products makes our development projects favorable.

To that end, at United Investments, our passion in real estate is innately centered around

the communities we develop. So much that we take pride in embedding ourselves in the

communities and becoming a part of the fabric. For United Investments, in all our work,

investment and development prioritize people, community, and the environment.



Core Services

Real Estate Investments
We are more than a real estate development firm, we are not simply pursuing investment

opportunities that are economically beneficial but also socially impactful. As our

commitment to the communities runs deep, we prioritize and are keenly intentional in

our investment quest for projects as such, almost always, our projects prioritize social

investment in the communities we build in.




Development
With over 1,000,000 square feet of market-ready space delivered to the DMV market,

United Investments’ team is well versed in what it takes to deliver spaces that meet the

demand of the market. Each of our development projects are designed to meet the

needs of current and future anticipated expectations of buyers and renters.



                                                                                       Page | 17
            TRIBECA
            40 N STREET, NE, WASHINGTON, DC 20002

            TRIBECA Condos in DC, inspired by the iconic New York neighborhood and branded in

            homage to the street on which it sits, embodies the culture of urban living with well-

            appointed sophistication and unique style. Premium finished, clean yet bold design, and

            astute attention to detail set this new Washington DC residence apart from all others.



            Like its namesake, TRIBECA is perfectly positioned in a thriving mixed-use neighborhood

            and sits mere steps to both Union Market as well as the NoMa Metro. These new

            residences satisfy the need for a modern expression of a cultivated lifestyle. This well-

            appointed and perfectly-situated address is in the heart of NoMa, Northeast Washington

            DC. TRIBECA Apartments offer access to over 125 shopping and dining destinations, as

            well as museums, Union Station, Capital One Arena, and more.




Page | 18
HILL EAST
MIXED-USE DEVELOPMENT

United Investments and a best-in-class all-minority development team has been

awarded the rights to develop a $564 million project within the Hill East neighborhood

of Washington, D.C. The project will consist of 1,120 apartments, a 150-key hotel, 60K sf.

of retail, 30 townhomes, 104 condominiums, and a Central Park.




                                                                                             Page | 19
            The Westin Baltimore Washington Airport – BWI
            1110 OLD ELKRIDGE LANDING RD, LINTHICUM HEIGHTS, MD 21090

            United Investments partnered with the Westin Hotel at the Baltimore Washington

            International Airport (BWI) in 2018. This upper-upscale hotel features 260 guestrooms,

            10,000 square feet of meeting space, state of the art fitness center, an indoor pool, an

            executive club lounge, an outdoor bar patio lounge, and the Pan-Asian Fusion, Luminous

            Restaurant.



            Built in 2007, the public area of the hotel has been renovated in 2015 and underwent

            a $5 million guestroom renovation in late 2018. Surrounded by demand generators

            such as Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, Booz Allen Hamilton, and Downtown

            Baltimore, BWI Airport—undergoing a $60 million expansion— offers 11.2M square feet

            of office space with another 286K square feet in the pipeline.




Page | 20
Page | 21
            New Constructions and Improvements
            DC General Construction, Inc. (DCGCC) is a Washington, DC-based, regional construction

            services company, and a competitive builder in diverse market segments. Established in

            2007, DCGCC strives to provide quality construction and management services to the

            satisfaction of our clients.

            We have the expertise and capabilities to undertake large and complex projects.

            We approach each project with the mindset of fostering innovation and embracing

            emerging industry technologies to streamline our service delivery while making a

            measurable difference for our clients, partners, employees, and the community.



            Our mission is to provide quality construction and construction management services to

            the satisfaction of clients. Our staff members see each contract not only as an agreement

            to complete a specific project but as an agreement between partners that wish to create
            close and mutually beneficial long-term relationships. As such, the goal is to work closely

            with clients to ensure a quality product with few change orders and delays. DCGCC offers

            our clients the accessibility and support of a local firm with a global mindset.



Page | 22
Enjoying the recent boom in the housing market, DCGC has successfully designed and

built multiple residential properties within the Washington Metropolitan area. Since

then, their revenues have been in excess of $5,000,000 annually and growing year after

year. DCGCC has worked on and managed small-to-large projects and has provided

clients with quality performance. In 2009, DCGCC conducted a gut rehabilitation of a

two-story house, and the design-build approach was recognized by the Washington Post

for the contemporary treatment while respecting and preserving the historical nature of

the building. In 2010, DCGCC expanded by being awarded contracts from the DC Public

Schools and the DC Housing Authority. Taking advantage of the real estate market’s

demands, DCGCC continues to successfully construct multiple residential properties

within the DMV region.



               Vision

               To be the most valued provider of construction services and
               technical expertise in the region.


               Mission

               To provide quality construction and construction
               management services to the satisfaction of clients.


                                                               For more information visit,

                                                                www.dcgcc.com


                                                                                 Page | 23
            DHCF Office Build-out                                                                           neighborhood with luxurious finishes for a well lived life. Discover this rate

            This project was a complete interior build out of a new office at the busy Judiciary            and limited opportunity. DCGCC constructed this townhouse to condo conversation while

            Square building. The square footage of the work area for the contract was approximately         maintaining the historic nature of the façade while fully demolition the existing structure.

            11,000SF. This was another fast- tracked project that was delivered within a ninety (90)        New foundation and expanded foundations were poured to support the new structure.

            day schedule. The work for this project included, selective demolition, framing, drywall,       DCGCC delivered with budget and on time.

            plumbing, electrical, fire alarm, data, storefront doors, paint, flooring, ceiling tiles, and

            most importantly the tying in of the HVAC to the existing building HVAC system.                 Birch & Beam-1700 P Street. NW
                                                                                                            This one of a kind developments in the heart of Dupont circle maintains the historic look

            DC General Hospital Campus Improvements                                                         of Dupont with a pop of modern touches. It offers Two 2-bedroom 2.5 bathroom Dupont

            This project was a fast-tracked parking lot job. The square footage of the work area for        Circle is one of DC’s most desirable neighborhoods. Contained in this 1,610sf entertainer’s

            the contract exceeded 100,000SF. The work for this project included spoils removal,             paradise, are never seen finishes and fantastic views. Custom, German cabinetry from

            asphalt paving, pavement marking, site concrete, and site security.                             Leicht, a full Thermador appliance package with waterfall counter tops are a chef’s dream.

                                                                                                            A private roof deck, included private parking, herringbone hardwood floors, oversized

            The Drew Condominium- 3324 Sherman Ave. NW                                                      windows, Porcelanosa tiling, smart home speaker integration custom closet systems all

            Three oversized and spacious condominiums set in the vibrant Columbia heights                   make Birch & Beam something you don’t want to miss.



Page | 24
            © Grant Czerwinski




Page | 25
            A Leading Property Management Company

            Potomac Management Group (PMG) is a leading full-service property
            management company based in Washington, DC serving clients and
            customers with professionalism and integrity. We have years of experience in
            leasing and managing residential and commercial properties in the greater
            Washington, DC, Maryland, and Virginia region. Our extensive background in
            real estate investment and development gives us intimate insight and clarity
            on what it takes to be not only a landlord but manage small-to-large scale
            properties ranging in units and sizes.


            Our Executive Team members have a combined experience of over two
            decades in property management that allows for us to utilize proven
            solutions developed over two decades in the real estate industry plus
            implementing today’s sophisticated property management technologies to
            address the complex needs of property owners.


Page | 26
Our management portfolio ranges from conventional and luxury
condominiums, and townhome properties to luxurious estates, and multi-
family properties. Since our services are tailored to the client’s needs and are
property-specific, our services vary while our delivery of superior service is
never impacted.


At Potomac Management Group, we offer a comprehensive range of services
that, when combined, enables us to manage properties effectively and
efficiently.


               Our Mission
               To deliver peace of mind while promoting, protecting, and
               enhancing the value of assets.




               Our Vision
               To emerge as one of the market leaders and preferred
               providers of real estate management services in the greater
               Washington DC and surrounding areas.




                                                         For more information visit,

                         www.potomacmanagementgroup.com



                                                                             Page | 27
            Line of Services
                • USP Parking
               • USP Transportation
               • USP Janitorial
               • USP Security




Page | 28
Page | 29
            A Leading Parking Management Company

            USP Parking, a subsidiary of USP Holdings, is established in 1998 in the heart of

            Washington, DC. The first ever acquired facility under the USP Parking flagship was a

            small 30-space parking lot at a time parking cost was 2.00 dollars. Two decades later,

            USP Parking is one of the leading minority and family-owned parking management

            companies within the Metropolitan Area and across the United States. USP Parking’s

            portfolio includes company-owned facilities as well as leased and subcontracted

            facilities. Under the USP Parking brand umbrella, managed parking facilities range

            from small-to-large domestic and international Airports, Municipalities, Stadiums,

            Class A Buildings, Healthcare Facilities, as well as Five-Star Hotels, Entertainment

            Venues, and Michelin Star restaurants.



            Our exponential organic growth and expansion are attributed to the company’s

            ability to innovate, adapt to current demands, rapid technological advancement,

            unparalleled personnel work ethic on-site and offsite, and the prioritization of clients’

            needs and taking initiative to deliver success beyond contractual obligations.



                                                                          For more information visit,

                                                                  www.uspparking.com

Page | 30
AIRPORT PARKING




                                                                                           OVER 40K+
                                                                                           PARKING SPACES


     WASHINGTON DULLES
     INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
     January 2010 - USP was awarded the contract to manage the parking facilities

     for both Washington Dulles and Ronald Reagan Airports. This prestigious award

     provides USP with additional experience at two of the busiest airports in the East

     Coast. Overseeing 48,000+ Parking spaces with an annual gross revenue of over

     100m USD, Staffing over 250 employees, and servicing millions of customers. This

     contract was renewed in 2015 with the addition of shuttle services and in 2018 Five

     Star U Street Parking deployed the Airport Style Curbside Valet Parking service.




                                                                                                      Page | 31
  STADIUM PARKING
Corbis via Getty Images




                                                                                                                  OVER 8K+
                                                                                                                 PARKING SPACES


                          RFK STADIUM
                          2008 - U Street Parking was contracted when the previous operator decided to abandon

                          the contract. USP Brought in employees from all over the region and marketed open

                          positions though WOM and was able to mobilize 80 employees within 24 hours. This

                          along with specific marketing tactics proved successful as the stadium was able to

                          operate with little to no down-time and collected over $80,000 USD in revenue on the

                          first day; which was also during the MLS tournament.




  Page | 32
MIXED USE - PARKING




                                                                                                           OVER 1.5K+
© hines.com




                                                                                                           PARKING SPACES


              CITY CENTER DC
              2012- U STREET PARKING was contracted to manage the parking for the largest

              development on the East Coast. CityCenterDC is a 2.5 million-square-foot mixed-use

              development on a 10-acre site located in the heart of downtown Washington, D.C. This

              state of the art facility is located on the grounds of the old Washington Convention

              center and contains over 1,576 underground parking spaces and is the first in

              Washington DC to have a full automated parking guidance system.



              The parnership was renewed in 2018 and also serves as parking overflow for the

              patrons of the Conard Hotel. CityCenterDC is one of the busiest locations in the District

              of Columbia as it is the home to several large retailers and service providers. The area

              includes different condominiums, offices, CapitalOne Arena within walking distance and

              retailers such as as Hermes, Tesla, Burgerry, BVELGARI, Louis Vuitton, Dior and also it is

              home to one of the top 10 law firms in the world.




                                                                                                                      Page | 33
                                                                                                         OVER 3K+
                                                                                                        PARKING SPACES


            BOLE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
            Addis Ababa, Ethiopia

            USP was awarded the contract to manage the parking space at the Addis Ababa Bole

            International Airport in 2013 toughing out other international bidders. As the operator

            of this facility we procured, tested and installed the first automated parking technology

            system that can endure the Airport -style environment and traffic in the region. USP

            also introduced international customer service standards into the facility which includes

            conflict resolution and negotiation, training, down to the uniforms. These practices have

            quadrupled revenue in the first year and

            continues to be successful.




Page | 34
Page | 35
            A safe and reliable passenger transport services
            In 2008, USP Holdings expanded its corporate mission and entered the

            transportation industry by providing shuttle buses and limousine services. Our

            transportation mission is to provide safe, dependable, and efficient services for

            customers who are looking for stress-less economic travel options. Our fleets of

            vehicles are top-of-the-line and to industry standards.



            Our staff members are well-trained, experienced, fully insured professionals and

            courteous service providers. Our fleet of vehicles includes but is not limited to

            shuttle buses, limousines, and taxicabs and can be deployed with short notice. We

            provide services to major downtown corridors in Washington, DC as well as both

            Washington Dulles International Airport, Ronald Reagan National Airport, and BWI

            International Airport. We provide rides to a million customers every year.



                                                                       For more information visit,

                                                    www.usptransportation.com




Page | 36
Page | 37
            Professional, Reliable & Affordable

            Established in 2018, USP provides janitorial commercial cleaning services to small-to-

            large class-A Buildings, stadiums, and municipalities.



            The satisfaction of working hard to provide quality cleaning service is what keeps

            us motivated. With an emphasis on proper training and management, we equip

            every employee in our company with the means to provide superior services. We

            distinguish ourselves from other janitorial companies by striving for a higher level

            of technical expertise and supervisory responsibility throughout our entire network.

            We take the initiative to prioritize health code measures and adhere to federal, state,

            and local health guidelines.




                                                                         For more information visit,

                                                               www.uspjanitorial.com




Page | 38
Page | 39
            Safe and Prompt
            In mid-2021, while still in a global pandemic, the Board at USP Holdings realized an

            opportunity that awaited across all current accounts and business offerings: Private

            Security Officer Services. Faced with our own internal security needs, USP realized

            at that point in time that all our current customers used Private Security Officer

            Services and that none of our competitors offered all the services that USP offers as

            well as offering Private Security Officer Services.



            This realization gave USP Holdings a chance to further vertically integrate an

            already very diverse company. By adding a Customer Service oriented full-service

            Private Security company to our holdings, it allowed USP to become unique in

            the space in which we operate. We are the only company that offers complete

            managed parking services with janitorial and security officer services.



            What this means for the client is they have a single entity that can deploy

            background-checked personnel 24/7 to provide professionally managed services to

            their locations.



                                                                       For more information visit,

                                                                  www.uspsecurity.com

Page | 40
Photo Credit : John Brighenti




                                                                                                                                                                                        Sustainability

                                Charge Stations                                                                               Eco Friendly Products
                                USP Holdings is proud to offer you Electric Vehicle Charging Stations at many of our          USP Parking’s Eco-Friendly Initiatives:

                                locations. These units are safe and easy-to-use, and are just one part of our commitment               •   Amenity center with EV chargers, car wash, vacuum and tire inflators.

                                to green technologies.
                                                                                                                                       •   Premium reserved parking for hybrid, electric, carpool and compact vehicles.

                                Solar Panel Programs
                                                                                                                                       •   Energy efficient lighting tied to occupancy sensors.
                                USP Holidngs understands that the financial and environmental benefits of solar

                                are greater than ever, and companies looking to benefit can now install a solar canopy
                                                                                                                                       •   Exhaust fans directly regulated by CO monitors reducing energy and
                                over their parking lots to share in the savings. Businesses across the country are building
                                                                                                                                           tailoring fresh air movement.
                                solar parking lots that provide shade for cars while simultaneously generating renewable

                                energy – and they’re saving thousands of dollars on electricity bills in the process.                  •   Recycled metals selected for signage. All scrap metal is recycled. • Green Seal

                                                                                                                                           certified cleaning products.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Page | 41
                                                                                                               Corporate Social Responsibility


            Mary Joy USA focuses on education, health, employment and empowerment
            for young people, the elderly, the ill and the needy. Our objectives are to help
            young people have the opportunity to attend school, receive valuable and hard-
            to-get health care and better nutrition for a healthy life. With a healthy mind
            and body, our young people can be better candidates for employment and
            empowerment that comes with education, careers and jobs.


            We also focus on the elderly, to assist them in getting better health care, better
            food and nutrition and to be safe and comfortable in their elder years. Our
            added focus is the ill and the needy, the disabled and underserved persons
            with emotional and mental disabilities in addition to physical diseases, such as
                                                                                                 Our work is presently and sharply focused on a meaningful response to COVID-19.
            COVID-19 and other viruses.
                                                                                                 We are engaged in coalition building to respond rapidly to the spread of the
                                                                                                 pandemic and to educate and instruct local communities on the importance of
            We accomplish our tasks through fundraising, grants and individual
                                                                                                 continued mask-wearing, thorough washing hands, and social distancing, all over
            contributions, mainly in the United States.
                                                                                                 the world.




Page | 42
   USP Holdings Services




USP Holdings Groups of Companies




                                   Page | 43
1208 9th St NW, Washington, DC 20001, USA   www.uspholdings.com
